You don’t understand why it happened, or how. Just that somehow, without a sign of destruction nor rubble from the explosion, planets had begun vanishing. 

One by one, and as the pattern of disappearances edged closer and closer towards your planet you ended up getting saved, either by the brilliant minds of the Tuffles.

Or the ingenuity of Humanity, aiming to save those they consider allies. Regardless, you’re stuck in a metallic box gazing over a sea of stars as you fight to make sure those you care for do not starve.


Colossus
On Planet Vegeta there was relative peace, the civil wars that was wrought between the Saiyans and the Tuffles were long past, though that hadn’t meant the fighting didn’t shift more towards competitions, it wasn’t uncommon for the Tuffles to send out custom built Androids or even Mecha to compete against the neighboring race.

Of course, that changed when they noticed a relatively close desert ball essentially pop out of existence with no rubble causing a paranoid crackpot team to begin preparations to leave with everyone as soon as they could

The flag ship, Colossus was then born.

Course, the Saiyan race, or the ones that they had managed to cram into the ship were quite hungry, and unfortunately despite preparing travel rations whilst looking for somewhere new to settle that hadn’t popped.

They had run out, of course the Tuffles were outraged, angry even at the absolute ignorance the saiyans aboard had towards the rations, towards the rules they put in PLACE for the rations.

The Saiyans hungry, being slightly poor of judgment and not liking the tone of the Tuffles, had of course come to their own decision, somewhat influenced by the passer-bys that had boarded the ship during the voyage in hopes of finding shelter during this crisis.

Nobody on the ship knew where the remaining Tuffles went, but they left the means both to travel and thus survive, mayhaps out of memory of what once was, or perhaps it was a terrible mistake on their part. however the Colossus, the flagship, had appeared to have been stripped of all fuel, the only hope to bring food in was the shuttles they had left behind.

By any means necessary.
New Gaia Alliance
Planet Earth had been lucky that they had time to prepare, a distress call from a neighboring race had given them the time and tools to prepare for a voyage, the aim was to find a New Eden, to avoid the temporal anomaly that had been taking planets left and right.

And.. to pick up several other races along the way, they had food to spare, after all! Albeit, there were some strange setbacks with the hydroponics system and.. They perhaps over-burdened themselves when they had decided to take the Namekians and the Tuffles in but…

Surely it’ll be good for the rest of the journey, right? It’s not like shoving several races, one significantly overpopulated into a shuttle would deplete food supplies that fast?

The ship that had fostered Humanity’s safety in space stopped after a while. The fuel reserves had run dry, and unless they wanted to risk starvation, the sensible sort had decided to prepare the escape shuttles for some deep space voyages.
This of course left a singular goal among those in the New Gaia alliance; Find good soil before they all perish.


Beyond
At first, The kais were confused, but then they got LIVID.

They didn’t know how, they didn’t know why but apparently the afterlife vanished, and those who remained were tossed out into space much like several other races. Their mortal enemies, the Demons apparently had gotten done the same.

The Kais had no idea what this had meant, but the assumption was it was very very bad. For one, the cycle was either going to place the dead with them, in space, or, best case scenario they go through the cycle without input. 
Worst case however, is that somebody, mayhaps the very someone that had stolen their realm, or destroyed it had been diverting the dead someplace else. Leaving the race to assist who they could get their hands on first in an attempt to get to the bottom of this mystery.

Of course, that didn’t excuse the fact that the demons were being left unsupervised and, depending on what crowd they get wrapped up in upon entering the living realm, atrocities were likely to happen without intervention.

And they did.

The Demons ended up on the Colossus and had ended up convincing the other inhabitants to strike against the Tuffles that had been leading the journey dutifully; they required more food for the saiyan race after all, and the Tuffles were just another mouth to feed.

The Kais stuck with New Gaia, aiming to assist them whilst attempting to investigate the cause of all of this madness.

Within the distance of this space, this is but a sole shuttle flying. 

Blue carving a seen on its sides as it soars through the emptiness of space. Upon this shuttle layed four colonists from the New Gaia Alliance.
1 Tuffle, 1 Human, 1 Alien, 1 Namekian.

They aimed to find a distant planet that was in hopes, not affected like the other disappearing ones. The group currently held a small portion of resources but enough to scavenge a few weapons and supplies for them for wherever they may end up. They also took a name, hoping to give themselves something to call home.
“Gladius”, the human, had taken the lead, speaking with a calm voice that carried through the vacuum of space. He had a cool demeanor about him, his hair tied back in a ponytail. His eyes were set with a stern gaze, one that seemed to look at the universe with an almost amused expression. 
“I wonder if we’ll find anything, Gladius." The female Tuffle had said as she peered over into her screen finding nothing but tiny rocks that didn't end up vanishing like the planets. She was fairly young, with bright green hair that gave way to orange around the edges. Her eyes were filled with curiosity and excitement as she spoke with a light voice, watching the space pass by with eagerness. "What do you think?"
"We'll find something, I'm sure of it. We're here for a reason, right? A place to rest our heads and call home. If it's not here, then maybe it will be elsewhere. Let's keep heading forward." says Gladius answering the Tuffle.
A small cat with a carbon jumpsuit walks over towards a coffee stand, he picks up a cup as he stumbles back towards a seat near the group as they continued to speak.
“So, uhm, Gladius. What's your real name?" Asked the alien. It was thin, with a pair of large black wings that folded along the length of its body. Its skin was dark grey and its face was covered in a mask that made it hard to tell where its eyes were located. “I mean, it'd be nice to know who we're traveling with.” Said the creature.
“Well, my friends call me Gladius. But I don't mind if you just call me Gai-"
The Tuffle cut off Gladius before he could finish saying his name.

"Seems like we've come to some sort of vessel, it looks abandoned." She says pointing at the screen as she shows that something is aimlessly floating outside the rim of space. There are multiple ships in various states of disrepair and abandonment.
Gladius gets up from his seat, walking over towards the edge of the ship to take a better look. 
Gladius scans the surrounding area of their pod before using the manual control to drive further into the debri. 

"If we can salvage anything, that would help." Gladius says as he straps his spacesuit over himself as he grabs a helmet as well. 
Gladius turns a smiles at the group before equipping his space-helmet. 
"I'm going to scavenge those ships for stuff, anybody wanna come with?" Gladius the human speaks to the group as he wondered what they'd say.
"Oh, I'm afraid I'm busy, I'll try to catch up with you later." Said the Tuffle as she shook her head.
"Alright, I guess I'll see you guys on the other side."
***
“I really wish I knew what I was doing out here.” Said Gladius as he looked down at the ships scattered across the surface of this barren space. He then took a moment to admire the dark skies above him. It was a beautiful sight, the only thing that was missing was a single cloud.
A hand met Gladius shoulder as he was slightly shocked. It seemed the quiet namekian was on his way to follow the human. The namekian held on a space suit similar to Gladius as they both were floating together in space.

"Sorry I don't really speak much, it's just been a rough transition since the planets demise. Shit sucks, I feel like I should reach out my comfort zone considering we may be a drift for a while." the namekian spoke to Gladius as he relayed his feeling about the sequence of things.
"It's fine, I get it. You know, most of us are still trying to figure out what to do, but I think I got an idea. Well, actually I think you all might have some sort of idea as well." Gladius said as he tried to keep his voice low so as not to disturb anyone else.
The namekian looked at Gladius with confusion. "What makes you say that?"
"Well, I've been thinking about this for a while now. About the reason of the disappearance of the planets, and why it hit ours.. There's got to be some way of reverting things.." Gladius thought out loud as he turned to face the namekian. 
"So, what do you mean?" Asked the namekian curiously as he looked at Gladius.
"Well, it's simple. We're heading out into the void, right? So if we can find something, maybe we can reverse the damage done." Gladius explained as he gestured to the vast expanse of black.
"How would we do that?" The namekian asked as he continued to stare at the human.
"That's the thing, there's no one left but us. So do or die we must search that vast void beyond and run for that answer within the void."
Gladius says his thoughts to the namekian as he leads the duo further into the space scrapyard of ships and debri.

Gladius moved towards the closet mass to explore on first. His eyes grew wide as he realized the ship was intact. As he approached he found the door open, and inside was a massive room filled with shelves. On top of each shelf sat hundreds of bottles, all sealed in various colors.
"What the fuck is this place?" Gladius asked as he looked around the large chamber.
"We call it the storage area. Most likely these were once the property of someone living on our planet, before it vanished. They probably used them to store their food."
"No.. I mean, what happened to the people onboard this ship?!" Gladius says as he could believe out of all the wreckage, this lone ship was made without a single hit.
"I'm afraid I don't know. But I'd like to find out. Come on, let's move forward." The namekian said as he began walking down the rows of shelves.
"Wait, hold on. Where did you come from?" Gladius asked as he followed the namekian.
"My home planet was destroyed. I managed to escape before it went up in flames. Unfortunately, my species is quite fragile and weak, so I was forced to seek refuge here."
"I wouldn't call all namekians weak, there have been powerful ones of earth in the past." Gladius said as he continued to look around the ship.
"Yes, well, most of those who are strong are too arrogant to listen to others. It's quite rare for a race to actually care for other races, even if they aren't of their own. I suppose that's why we were able to survive the loss of our planet. We weren't as numerous as the Saiyans, and the Tuffles are still recovering from the shock of losing theirs. Of course, we're not nearly as advanced as the Tuffles, and thus can only offer limited help." The namekian says as he continues to follow Gladius as the two further explore the small vessel.
"Don't worry, you'll prove your worth soon. Besides, we might aswell check if this thing can still run." Gladius says as he heads towards the steering platform of the ship as begins trying to turn the engine on.
He attempts to start it several times but nothing happens. He tries again and after another few seconds the engine finally turns on, and the lights on the dashboard begin to glow.
"Well, at least it still works. Now let's get back to the control room." Gladius says as he walks through the corridors of the ship as he follows the namekian.
As he moves forward he finds the crew quarters and a large number of bodies lying in various states of decay. Some of the corpses appear to be fresh while others are barely recognizable.
Gladius moves in first and quickly checks and examines the bodies or the crew. "Don't worry I got this." he says to the namekian who stands guard.
After some time, he notices something strange about the body closest to him. It appears to have no head. Instead, its skull has been removed and replaced with an alien device.
"What is that?" Gladius asks as he looks closer.
"A pacifier. Apparently these aliens are known to take a head from any species they meet and put it inside a mechanical shell. They use it to control the brain."
"So they took someone's head and replaced it with this thing? Why would they do that?"
"They claim it's to protect them from radiation. That's why they've taken the heads of the weaker species, as they are more susceptible to radiation. But they also seem to enjoy it, as it gives them power over the victim."

Alien Pacifier Obtained!
Gladius pus up the instrument as it could hold to more use later.
The two continue within the room as they examine what else lays in. There are plenty of weapons laying around, which is quite surprising as most races usually prefer melee combat rather than guns.
There are a few containers filled with water and food, as well as other supplies.
"This ship must be stocked for a long journey." Gladius says as he picks up a small tablet from a table.
It shows a map of the galaxy and the nearby systems, along with the planets they visit.
"I wonder where they're headed?" he wonders aloud.
"Either way, looks like the ship is owns once we figure out a way to get the engine on and running." The namekian says, holding his hand out.
Gladius hands over the pacifier to the namekian, who begins to examine it closely.
"What are you doing?" Gladius asks.
"Nothing. Just checking it out."

"Lemme know what you find, I'll go head back to grab the others. Also I may as well find an oxygen room to fill some air in these corridors that aren't covered in holes."
"Sounds good, I'm heading down to engineering to see if I can figure out a way to get the damn thing started."
***
After a few hours of searching, the group finds a hatch leading to the lower decks. As they open it, they notice the smell of blood and death.
 Gladius turns to the door and grabs the handle, pulling it open. Inside, there is a massive amount of bodies strewn about.
Gladius looks further in. He simply takes a gulp and ignores the corpse on the ground as he had a feel that these were fresh. He walked foward into the next room which was just as big as the first one.
He notices something moving in the corner of the room, and looks over to see a creature that was a humanoid rock creature. It has three eyes, but instead of a nose it just has a set of teeth that stick out of its face.
The creatures hands are covered in blood.
As it moves, it reveals a long tongue and sharp claws.
"Fuck me!" Gladius exclaims. "Are these rock monsters?"
"No, possibly another race from a distant world." The namekian says.
Gladius walks up to the creature.
Gladius draws out his baton as he wields it with both arms. "What are you? Some kind of chaotic alien? Why murder all of these people?"
The monster doesn't respond, it just stares at him with its stone like eyes.
"I think I'm going to try talking to it." Gladius says.
"Good luck." The namekian says, before turning to the door.
Gladius steps forward and puts his hand on the creature's shoulder.
"Hey, uh, hey little guy, sorry about this. You look pretty strong, so I'll make it quick. We're trying to get off this planet and we need to get the engine working again."
Without a word, the Alien rock-creature simply powered-up as it unleashed an explosion aura around itself, sending a heavy shockwave everywhere.
Gladius was thrown back as the entire corridor shook violently.
"Well shit." Gladius said, getting up slowly. "That was unexpected."
He looked over to the door where the Namekian had made their escape.
"Alright, let's move it. No telling what else is waiting for us in here."
The namekian continued down the hallway until they found the control room.
It was filled with consoles and screens, as well as several dead bodies, including the captain.
The namekian figures out what he could find as he made his way into the last room. Meanwhile, Gladius begins to face off against the raging murderous alien rock-creature.
"So, who are you, and why did you kill them?" Gladius asks.
The creature roars angrily, but doesn't answer.
"Alright, fine, I'll just beat you senseless then. But if you survive, maybe you'll tell me your name."
The creature roars once more, and charges.
Gladius raises his baton and swings it.
The creature blocks the attack easily, grabbing the baton and throwing it aside. It then brings its fist down on Gladius, crushing him.
Gladius was slammed into the ground as he fell helpless onto the ground. "C-KAAAH!!" Gladius screamed in agony as he felt the fight become one-sided quickly.
He was used to fighting incredible fighters before earth disappeared, at least champions who could hit the 1'200 battle-power mark. Sadly this opponent was something otherworldly, as Gladius felt intense pain against his chest. 
Rolling to the side, Gladius covers his chest as he could feel his bones at their wits. "One more hit like that, and I may be done for."

Gladius pulls out his blaster pistol, although it wouldn't amount to much more as he aimed and fired a few shots. The creature, however, was unfazed and merely brought its arm down, knocking the gun away.
"Damn, that hurt," Gladius said, using his fists as he held them tightly as he swung wildy using them at the creature.
However, each blow seemed to only anger the beast more. It then proceeded to grab Gladius by the head and slam it repeatedly into the wall.
"Ow, fuck!" Gladius cried out, feeling the life being leeched from his body.

Suddenly a light-red aura began to emit from Gladius.
A radiant light-red aura. it resembles a slightly larger version of the manifester. when it is active, the user's steps burn footprints into the surface they stand on.

It appeared that Gladius's true talent is within his skills as he uses the energy from within.
His eyes turn red, his hair becomes longer, and his skin turns a shade darker.
He feels as though his entire body has grown stronger.
In his hand, his fists clench deep into his palms as he readies himself again., which glows with a faint blue light.
"I am gladius. I will not lose to you," Gladius said, still holding himself back from death.
The creature, however, laughs as it grabs Gladius again.


Gladius pressed his legs down onto the ground as ember uplifts around him. It was as if he tapped into something far dififerent from any human as he had altered the flow of his energy into the focus of fire.

Gladius charged his arms as he prepared to launched a devastating hit. 
Once he swung, a mini shockwave would extra from his fist as he unlocked the utilization of a new skill.
"Let me show you my power," Gladius said, readying himself for another round of combat.
Gladius's strikes are powerful enough to cause a sonic boom and an impact so great that it leaves a crater.
The alien monster looks up, its eyes widen in fear as it attempts to dodge but is too late.
As Gladius swings his fist, a massive blast goes off as it cracks the walls of the ship.
Gladius then walks forward as he watches the dust cloud that forms behind him.
Meanwhile, the namekian quickly stopped what he was doing as he not only felt Gladius energy raise but his level of sensing ki was quite well that he could feel the fight itself take place on the ship as he quickly guided the two other to return to Gladius. 

"I should've stayed!" the namekian yells as he headed back into the large room where the two had been at.
"What happened?"
"Gladius fought an enemy, a very strong one. He seems to be quite skilled."
The Tuffle spoke as she quietly stayed on the sidelines.
The 4th ally(The alien) strolled behind the namekian as he was behind him the whole time.
Gladius's friends began to examine the battle that toke place.
Gladius stands firm, he knew that the equipment they had was worthless against this opponent. This would be a tough battle.
Gladius raises his fists once more and began casting his light-red aura around his arms, creating temporal ki-gauntlets',

"HyaaaAAH!" Gladius screams into battle as he kicked off propelling fire from his jump as he speed up.
"Pyra Gyro Punch!" Gladius swings at the foe with a fiery fist.
He was fast, but the creature was faster.
It moved to the left and dodges his attack.
Then it does the same as before.
"This isn't working!" Gladius yelled as he continued to try and move his attacks.
"Do you know who I am?" The alien asks.
"No idea, you're pretty strong though," Gladius says as he looks up.
"My name is Master Hong. Do you want to die?"
"Why? What will happen if we fight?"
"If you win, then I'll spare your life. If I win, then I get to kill you. Either way, I win."
"Alright, fine, let's go." Gladius grins as he continues to swing his fists.
The fight begins, as they clash sparks fly as the ground shakes from their blows.
They continue to strike each other until they land blow after blow.
Gladius was able to dodge most of the hits, but Master Hong had enough control to hit the fire user.
|Gladius's Battle Power: 860|
Master Hong's Battle Power: 1500
After a while the battle drew out, the two looked at each other, Gladius was still alive.
"You're not going to surrender?" Master Hong asks.
"Nope, so what are you gonna do?" Gladius smirks.
"Well, I suppose I'm going to kill you," Master Hong replies.
"Oh yeah?" Gladius laughs. "Let's see how much power you got."
"I don't need to prove anything to you. You aren't worthy to be my equal."
"And what makes you think that?" Gladius asks.
"Your puny powers."
"Hmph, get ready then, cause I've got more comin!" Gladius pounds his fists together as he regains his aura. 
He dashes forward charging back his fist as it glows with extra force of radiant fire.
Gladius shouts as he heads towards his foe with this attack.
"Mach Fire Punch!!"
The creature dodges his attack and dodges again.
Gladius grunts as he attempts to follow through with his punch.
"How many times must I tell you?" Master Hong asks.
"What?" Gladius asks.
"That you can't keep up with me. Your punches are too slow."
"Not true, I'm fast!" Gladius tries to dodge another blow.
But Master Hong is too quick and hits him in the face.
"Ah!" He falls down to his knees, clutching his cheek.
"You're not as good as you think you are," Master Hong tells him.
"Shut up, and give me some more of that fire."
"Sure thing." Gladius nods as he readies himself for another round.
Once again, Master Hong is too quick and hits him in the face.
"Again?" Gladius asks.
"Yes, again." Master Hong says.
This time, he doesn't wait for Gladius to come to him.
At this point Gladius seems to fear that this may be his final round. It was astounding that he was still up after so many blows and hits. 
It was even more interesting that his aura grew stronger the longer he fought.

"*Pant* I won't give up.." Gladius says as he charges the rest of his energy, a small power surge hit Gladius as he began to slightly ascend into his own unique transformation. 

Gladius's hair would spike up as a power gust surrounded him. His eyes turned golden as his face gave of a different demeanor.

"Tch- Okay.. Let's make this the last round!!" Gladius says as he charges up more energy as he aura is even more warped in flames as he is centered within a mini firestorm that is his power.

Gladius could focus more as he battle power elevated slightly. The Alien's movements could be read easier then before.
"I'm not giving up..." Gladius says as he charges his attacks.
Master Hong is not going to give up easily, he knows what he needs to do to win.
He has to defeat this creature that keeps trying to kill him.
"I will take you down!" Master Hong shouts as he brings up his hands as he sends an attack at Gladius.
Gladius blocks the attack but he was pushed back.
As he attempts to recover, Master Hong follows up with another attack.
Gladius barely grazes the hit as his face brushes against Master Hong.
He knew he had to react before Master Hong could.
With a quick motion, Gladius grabs Master Hong's hand and uses his own strength to throw Master Hong.
"Ughh-" Master Hong lands on his back.
"I can't believe I lost to a human." Master Hong groans as he stands up.
"No way, that was amazing." Gladius says.
"I guess so. But if we keep doing this, you'll die."
"What? You think you're gonna win?" Gladius laughs.
Gladius warped into thin air using his high velocity in speed. Reappearing, he comes close to Master Hong with his foot swinging as it attempts to connect with the Aliens face.
Master Hong sees it coming, he dodges it, but he's too slow.
Gladius kicks him in the chest sending him flying.
"Hah!" Gladius laughs as he watches Master Hong fly through the air.
"Come on! This isn't over yet!" Gladius shouts as he takes off running towards the alien.
As he gets closer, he realizes that he doesn't know where the aliens head is. He also notices that he can't hear any sounds.
Gladius stops as he looks around, trying to figure out what's happening.
His eyes widen when he spots something glowing in the distance.
It seems his foe can shoot lasers from its eyes and detach its head freely.
That thought makes Gladius realize that he needs to move fast, otherwise he'll be caught in a crossfire.
He quickly turns around and sprints towards the light as he moves with top agility.


***
"Augh!" A loud scream echoes as Gladius dashes towards the light.
The alien head detached from the body and floats towards him.
"Hah!" Gladius jumps forward, attempting to catch the floating head.
Unfortunately, he misses as the head glows and shoots a laser at him.
"Damn!" Gladius grunts as he ducks under the beam.
He looks up just in time to see the head reattach itself to the rest of the body.
Suddenly Gladius's ally approaches, a agile cat uses it light speed movements to swiftly take the initiative. It seems that the Namekian and the others return as they could sense Gladius was troubled.

They all feel the loss of their home and are quite worried about Gladius' future.

After some brief deliberation, they decide to follow the lead of the Human.
"Kekeke, I didn't know you were a fighter until now little cat friend. Tell me, whats your battle power like? I've scaled mines to about over 860 units." Gladius says as he speaks calmly to the cat alien.

"Geez, this amatuer is really fighting with only that much battle power?! Did he not notice the pile of bodies already on this ship?.. Clearly this rock guy means business.." The cat alien thinks to himself before he speaks. "I'm not going to tell you my name, but I will say that I am the most powerful among us."
"Well, if you're so strong, then prove it!" Gladius challenges.
The alien then smiles, showing off his sharp teeth.
"Ok, lets see who wins, the human or the kitty?" He asks as he starts walking away.
"Wait, what? You're not going to fight fair?" Gladius questions as he follows.

The rock monster grew tired of waiting on whichever was the fighter, he pounces as he takes charge into battle once more.
The rock alien known as Master Hong charges after the cat alien.
As he runs, he summons the many rocks around him to attack.
However, the cat alien dodges each attack with ease.

The cat jumps forward as it whips its tail swiping at the rocks head as energy clashes.
The rock alien growls as he tries to catch the cat with a stone fist, however, it manages to dodge again.
It bounces off of it harmlessly.
The cat alien sighs and begins to walk back to the main group.

"Yeah, lets do this." Gladius says as he looks to the others.


In the background there is the namekian standing by as he rather would not fight as he accompanies the female Tuffle who does not fight at all, rather she uses her brains to analyze fighters as she is currectly payign attantion to the currently fight so far. 
She sits on the ground with her fancy laptop case as she studies both Gladius and the Alien cat as they tag team against this murderous rock creature known as Master Hong.

Her high-tech laptop case allows for her to scan nearby people as she scans the cat alien which reads his battle power of 985 units.

As the fight continues Gladius readies himself as he attacks the rock creature.
Gladius charges back the same energy as before as he goes in with his fist to strike heavy blows at the rock creature.
His punches are like cannonballs as he sends the rocks flying away from him as he strikes again and again.
He is relentless and will not stop until the rock monster is dead.
Master Hong chuckles as he swings his tail around knocking the incoming punches aside as he dodges them.
The rocks then come crashing down as he turns to face Gladius.
"I'm sorry, but I just don't have time to keep feeding you humans." He laughs as he slams his tail into Gladius sending him flying through the air.
"I was trapped in the collossus for so long that something just snapped. You puny fools probably had it easy on some other shitty space station, be glad you didn't spend long with those curse demons and their puppet saiyans." Master hong began ranting as he readies his tail to send Gladius back into the dust.
"But alas, I am too busy to feed you punks." He said as he readies his tail to launch him at Gladius once more.
"So let's get this over with." Master Hong says as he charges forward with his tail swinging around him.
"Go ahead, try to dodge me." He laughs as he smashes his tail into Gladius who falls to the ground.

The Alien Cat was about to divert the attention of Master Hong on Gladius until he felt some strange force give out from with Gladius.

Suddenly Gladius was glowing with an enriched aura as he swiftly recovered and stood.
He was confused as he tried to figure out what had happened.
"What? Did you think I'd fall for that?" Master Hong laughed as he charged in to attack Gladius.
Gladius took the blow as he grabbed Master Hong's tail and pulled him in close as he slammed his fist into Master Hong's chest.
"Well, well, well, looks like you've got a bit of talent." Master Hong laughs as he readies his tail to hit Gladius.
With the grip that Gladius still held with the tail, he maneuvered the rock alien as he tossed he into the air to suspend for a few seconds, instantly Gladius warps up-close to the rock creature with a already charged kick as he launched a powerful swing attempted to takedown Master Hong.
The attack was a little off as it sent Master Hong falling to the floor, where he rolled away to avoid being caught in the attack.
As he did that, Gladius then turned to look at the ship.
"You know, if you want to eat us all, go right ahead. But it'll take a while, and we're going to need to find another planet." He said as he looked back to Master Hong who was now on his feet.
"Now, you see, I'm not really interested in eating you. But I do enjoy having my fun." Master Hong said as he readied his tail to charge again.
"And since you seem to have some kind of hold on this ship, I might as well use it for myself." Master Hong said as he readies his tail to strike.

Gladius burst into the scene as his body was engulfed with pure fire. He grasped his hand and concentrated as a head of a raging dragon had engulfed, burst out of Gladius's soul as he charged power into his right fist and launched it surging his energy flowing forward like a blazing dragon.

  "DAGON EVOLUTION!" Gladius roars as his unleashed a new skill.
A beam of blue light shot out from Gladius's hands as he charged it with all his rage, as he charged it with all his anger.
The beam shoots through the atmosphere and strikes the rock alien, Gladius allies examine the exchange. The beam struck the alien and its body was enveloped in flames, but the damage done caused it to explode.
***
Master Hong watched as Gladius' attacks seemed to be doing nothing to the alien. As he looked at the situation, he saw that the rock creature was just too tough.
The rock creature felt his tail throbbing with pain from the attack.
"Well, it seems that we have a problem here." Master Hong says as he turns to face Gladius.
"Yeah, well, I think you better get ready for me to have some fun with you." Gladius said as he readied himself.
Gladius warps back into battle as he concentrates another deadly shot towards the rock creature. 
"Dagon Blitz!" Gladius roars as he unleashes a beam of light that bursts forth from his fists.
He then feels something inside him grow and swell as his body glows with power.
His eyes turn red as he charges the beam.
As he does that, Master Hong has a sudden realization.
"I've seen this before! That's what I saw in the other ship!?!" Master Hong yells out.
"What? What are you talking about?" Gladius asked as he readied his fist as the blast instantly slammed against the rock creature pushing his body with an invisible wall of power unleashed by the human.
The alien roars in pain as the blast slams into it. It feels like it's being hit by a truck.
But it doesn't stop.
It continues to slam into the rock creature as the alien begins to warp in place as if it's trying to escape the invisible force.
Gladius looks at Master Hong who is in shock.
"Woah.. What did I do!?" Gladius asks.

"Haha, looks like someone revealed that hidden latent power of theirs." The cat says as he examines Gladius display in power.
"Oh yeah, I guess so." Gladius answers.
"Looks like I need to give you a little training session." The cat laughs.
"Ok, well I'm up for that." Gladius says as he readies his hand again.

Gladius motions over to the rock creature once again, the foe seemed to be knocked out by Gladius's last strike.
The human glared at his fist, he knew he was strong but fighting just now felt as if he was trying to unlock something, maybe it was the fact that he was in a near-death situation. The answer seemed unclear for now, the Namekian and Tuffle approached as the two wanted to check on the Cat and Gladius.

"Here, use these stimpaks to rest any wounds guys." The female Tuffle says as she unlocks a small case in her pocket, she revealed 10 small pen sized healing sticks that are inject through the skin. The female Tuffle tossed two over to each of them. "Thanks, we'll take it." The Cat says as he takes one and puts it under his armor.
"Next time don't push yourself, your anger must seem to connect within amplifying you power as it has gotten the best outta that rock person.." The Tuffle female says as she walks off scanning the alien that lays unconscious within the room.

"Hmph, nah, I'm just a decent fighter. Regardless of how many he may have murdered, I refuse to let someone like that take me down." Gladius says as he grins.
"Heh, you just seem to have luck at your favor kiddo." The cat says as he scuffs of dirt on his armor,
"I'm sure you guys would of won that, anyways about this ship. It's got rations and stuff so why not just link our pod to this and use it as our main base?" The namekian said.
"Yea that would be good, we should head into the engine and complete whatever tasks there is to getting it running again. Once that's done we can get some sleep." The cat says as he leads the way.
"Sounds like a plan." The Namekian replies.
***
In the distance, in a valley that seemed as if it was cut out from another dimension there was an area of darkness.
The shadow of a giant being stood before the realm.
As the creature looked at the screen, it thought to itself.
'Why am I here?'
A figure appeared in front of the creature.
It was a small child, with a thin body and large eyes.
"Hi, my name is Gantu." The little boy said as he smiled.
The creature moved its eye to look at him, it was blank.
"Who are you?" The creature asked.
"I'm Gantu, and I want to ask you a question." He said as he grinned.
"What is it?" The creature asked, still confused.
"Do you know what the world will be like after the war?"
"War? What War?" The creature questions.
"There is a war coming, and it will destroy everything. You're going to lose friends and family, you'll go insane, and eventually die alone and forgotten."
"That doesn't sound very fun." The creature said.
"No, it's not. But you can change it."
"How?" The creature asks.
"You need to find the key, but you have to defeat the Dragon Lord first."
"And how do I do that?" The creature asks.
Before Gantu could speak again it felt very hazy to listen to him as their world became distorted.
"Go west."
***
Saiyans have always been known as fighters, they have a knack for battle and have honed their skills since birth.
However, these Saiyans weren't born to fight, they were made to destroy.
They were trained in combat from the moment they were able to walk, as well as having countless hours of practice and drills.
"We're going to be late, come on!" One of them shouts as they run to catch up with the others.
Aspara wakes up as he and other saiyans awake to one of their own call them over to come in to the main room.
Aspara lives is the Colossus which is currently holding
Saiyan
Makyo
Android
Alien
Demon


This story is about a group of people who are all trying to survive in a strange world where technology has failed them and humanity is trapped roaming the stars.
All of this is happening because of the actions of one man, a man who wanted power and control over his life.
The young saiyan rolls out of bed like a corpse as he readies slowly to get up for the meeting.
He yawns and stretches as he walks down the hall to the main room.
His stomach grumbles and he feels a bit hungrier than normal.
Maybe he should just skip breakfast today, he thinks to himself.
After all, he doesn't really feel like eating right now.
He sits down at the table and looks around, seeing the others that are here already.


Suddenly, up ahead there was a small stage center onboard as some Saiyan had made an quick speech.

"Attention, today is the day of culling, we have 1'432 people on board. There shall be a vote of 2 single individuals that fight. The winner shall be praised.. while the loser is to be feed to our Master. The Great Demon."
Aspara groaned as he sat down at the table. He was fairly certain that the “Great Demon” was actually the captain of the ship.
"Are you ok?" Callion asked him.
"I'm fine, just thinking." Aspara replied.
"It's starting." Zucchi said. "Get ready, they'll start letting us know what will happen soon enough."
Aspara looked up and saw a large screen above the stage.
A countdown began as the crowd cheered and clapped.
Finally, the timer reached zero and the announcement came.
"Today, we have the most important battle of our lives! This is the last chance to escape death, but only one person will leave here alive. Will it be you? Or the one before you?"
Aspara looked up at the screen and felt his heart sink as he saw that it was him.
"Ah shit." He said as he stood up.
